**Step 1: Initial Brainstroming Ideas**
* F1 predictor - predict which F1 driver and team is likely to win the upcoming races. Simpler Idea: Have an app that displays information about drivers in F1 and the companies - can display background and current information. Maybe there is an API database I can use?
* An album rating app - where users can rate albums/artists they have listened to. The app can then average all user's scores and display the top trending albums right now. 
* A chess strategy app - an app that allows the user to easily learn different chess openings and strategies by displaying all of them
* A study planner app - can input your courses you are taking that semester - then you can click on each course to input your homework assignments, tasks, and exams - set a priority level on each assignment, and then display in a calendar view. Can include a study timer too.
* Tutor Finder -  connect students with college/high school students who would tutor them. The app would provide a platform for tutors to post that they are available to tutor, what subjects they specialize in, what high shool/middle school they attended (so people from the same schools can be connected), their pay rate, their contact information and their availability. That way when parents are finding tutors for their children, or a student is finding one for themself, they can easily search and apply a filter to find the perfect tutor for their child, and college students can work a part-time job. The app could use use College Scorecard API or maybe a Map API to allow for filtering based on college and location, and can show tutor location on a map.
* Move/TV Show/Book recommender - Based on media you like, the app can reccomend other media based on your taste. 
* Sleep + Study Tracker - Idea: Realistically we should be getting 7-9 hours of sleep each night, but for busy college students this can often be unrealistic as we balance academics, a social life, a job, and personal wellbeing. However, getting enough sleep is still important - which can often be missed out on if students aren't careful. Sleep + study tracker will allow you to set a realistic amount of time to sleep in the night (say you want to get 5 hours of sleep), and then plan you day based on your tasks around that.

**Step 2: Evaluation App Ideas**
* Tutor Finder
    * *Mobile:* Allows tutors to connect with college students who want to tutor them. The app provides a platform for tutors to post what subjects they are available to tutor, what middle school/high school they attended (so people from the same schools can be connected), their pay rate, their contact information, and their availbility. That way wenn parents are finding tutors for their children or a student is finding one for themself, thy can easily search and apply a filter or a search to find the perfect tutor for them, and college students can work a part-time job. The app could also show a map, which shows the location of the tutor on the map.
    * *Story:* It can be hard for students to find tutors that match their needs and also provides a platform where college students can easily work a part-time job. Allows for parents, students, and tutors to save time when searching.
    * *Market:* The audience includes college students, and elementary/middle/high school students in need of tutoring, and parents. Many tutoring websites and apps exist, but this app would allows for peer-to-peer tutoring in an accessible and affordable way with tutors from specific schools and specializations. 
    * *Habit:* Users would use the app when they are in search of tutor, and tutors would use the app when they want to add/update their profile. Users can create and consume content.
    * *Scope:* Adding maps and locations with API integration is optional but manageable. V1 would include the basic add tutor feature and display the list of current tutors. V2 would include a filter and search feature. V3 would include an integration of maps and locations. V4 would inlcude a chatbox or a way to email the tutors directly from the app, or send the students profile to the tutor. 
* Study planner App
    * *Mobile:* The app allows to input the courses they are taking that semester - then they can click on each course to input their homework assignments, tasks, and exams - set a priority level on each assignment, and then display everything in a to-do list and calendar view. Can include a study timer too.
    * *Story:* For the busy students juggling multiple classes and responsibilties, the app allows for an easy way to organize your assignments, tasks, and exams. It woudl ensure that users never miss a deadline and helps you focus with an integrated timer, leading to reduced stress and better academic performance.
    * *Market:* High school and college students. 
    * *Habit:* Students would use it daily to help manage their schedule. 
    * *Scope:* Technically, this app is very doable and a simple app 

**Final Decision:** Tutor Finder
